what's up guys Jays two cents here and
I'm gonna be talking about a new test
bench I'm gonna be building for the
channel and I'm not talking about the
hardware that goes on it like the
motherboard in the CPU and all that sort
of stuff I'm talking specifically about
the chassis itself for about the last
four years I've been using the Praxis
wet bench from primo chill which was the
kind of a one-size-fits-all type of deal
it was it came in a certain design you
could get different colors and I had
like acrylic insert so you could have
accent colors and that was it you could
fit a single 360 radiator on there your
power supply it wasn't the easiest to
access when it came to hard drives and
such but it gave us what we needed easy
accessibility to components now the main
component that we swap out honestly as
graphics cards we don't really change
motherboards or do a lot of motherboard
swap so that we can test motherboards
out we usually just do full-on builds
for that sort of stuff but there were
some complaints I had about the Praxis
web bench that seem like they've been
addressed in their newer version
versions there's actually more than one
version of this so we're gonna talk
about that today NZXT is BLD is the
simplest way to get a gaming pc
customized the way you want it choose
the games you want to play set a budget
and let BLD take care of the rest
the all-new starter streaming and
creator pcs take the guesswork out of
finding a PC that needs your budget and
gaming needs and with a 48 hour
turnaround back by NZXT tees two-year
all-in-one warranty and same-day
shipping available with blitz mode you
can start enjoying your new PC right
away to see what NZXT BLD can do for you
click the sponsor link in the
description below now before we get into
the bills I'm rebuilding it yeah you
have to put it together it's flat packed
and that's part of the fun in my opinion
we're gonna take a little history lesson
into wet bench or not what we're gonna
take a little history lesson into
open-air test benches and kind of how
the mindsets changed over the years now
for the longest time the only person
that you would find with a test bench is
somebody that worked for like a major
review company if you will or someone
that had a lab that was constantly
having to change out Hardware RMA labs
right at graphics card manufacturers and
their testing graphics cards and stuff
that swapping them really fast and you
would have it's a tiny little piece of
metal with some standoffs and a
motherboard on there and maybe a power
supply sitting on the desk and all the
test bench was was a piece
hardware to hold the mother word but as
things have sort of progressed and the
non-conventional aspect of Chasse ease
has sort of kind of taken off a lot of
people have found themselves now using
open-air jassi's now then in 192 8
behind me is technically an open-air
chassis it is not sealed there are gaps
all around it there's gaps around the
glass with gaps on the bottom gaps on
the top and the difference between a
computer case and an open-air chassis is
whether or not it's sealed because a
sealed case will allow you to control
air flow and pressure that chassis
behind me the Inman 9 to 8 no matter how
fast I move the fans and how much I try
and control air flow it's never gonna be
totally positive pressure but when you
have an open bench which is just a
motherboard sitting on top of a thing
with nothing on top of it
the biggest complaint has always been
well J dust is gonna collect everywhere
well that's true dust falling on it will
collect but that's actually going to be
a less dust buildup than a system that
has clogged dust filters or as Poole has
no dust filters at all and it's actually
moving airflow over the components but
that's kind of point number two about
why there was a lot of pushback with
open air cases the lack of air flow over
components and that was actually my
biggest complaint about the original wet
bench we've actually been running the
Brack praxis wet bench with a 360 rad on
there and an EK water block with flex
tubing but as i just talked about right
now with chassis design it was seriously
lacked air flow across the components on
the motherboard because you still have a
heat sink on the chipset you still have
a heat sink on the VRMs and those need
to be cooled as well so that was my
biggest complaint so they say it's some
of the things that they've addressed
with their new wet benches and while I
build it right now I want to see kind of
how they've changed and we'll sort of
talk about that I talked about needing
to build a new test bench anyway this
will be the start of that and when
things return to normal ish and we go
back to the studio then we'll do a
complete build on this with the
radiators and such because apparently
there's different versions of this and
it can hold more than one radiator so
let's go ahead and build it and sort of
talk about it say hello to your wet
bench who oh no some sour patch kids I
don't know what it is with water cooling
companies but every single water cooling
company seems to give some sort of gummy
candy with it I don't
that's feel like Germany started that
anyway here it is the wet bench sx so
there are different benches like I said
some have more than one radiator hole in
fact I'll have Phil put an overlay on
the screen right now that shows in the
pre order there's a bunch of different
versions of this there's an angled one
there's a flat one enough soft foam to
make Linus foam if Pam if you know what
I'm saying so this right here is
actually the black textured they sent me
a white one as well in the past these
were actually thin sheet metal that you
then had an acrylic liner that went on
the inside of it that gave it a colors
if you look at our current test bench
it's white with black that black is
actually acrylic and the problem with
that is the acrylic is actually really
sharp on the edges and it would kind of
snag our wires and shave them a little
bit which I always had a bit of a
complaint about so this is like a
textured metal the thing about the
texture though is it's gonna be kind of
a dust magnet and with it being an
open-air bench obviously this is
something that could get annoying but
I'm gonna try it out I like the way the
black looks this will be the top because
this is CPU right here this is the side
where you can have cables come through
so if it were a case it'd be like that
right and then the graphics card goes
this way oh there we go this is the
thing I was really hoping to see one of
the things I said that they should have
done is given you like a like a flexing
gooseneck kind of a thing so you can
mount a fan to it to blow air down on
the components that you need they went
with one I think is far beefier than
they needed to so that's gonna obviously
have a fan mount on the end this is
gonna mount down to the board and then
it can blow air down where you want it
I'm really happy to see this this was
actually my main suggestion on the
previous one
so those a I think this is the part that
goes underneath the motherboard tray
this is obviously our hard drive mounts
right here so this is the actual PSU
mount right here that it mounts to this
is the part that goes on the other end
that supports the back of it and I think
that's everything that's in the box
alright so let's go ahead and build it
all right so I built it and forgive me
if the focus is weird I have no
cameraman and there's challenges to
doing this in this environment again I
think you guys get the point so I'm
pretty impressed with the build quality
of this it is way more sturdy than the
original the original wet bench should I
had I feel like the metal was thinner or
at least the greatest steel they were
using maybe wasn't as sturdy and then
with the acrylic inserts it felt flimsy
because those would kind of Bend when
you would pick it up you put it down and
sort of had a wobble even though I had a
top and a bottom as you can see I chose
to build the flat version but the
version that I've got here the SX and
there are different tiers of this as
well also has the angled version which
is where it puts the motherboard at kind
of a 45 degree angle like the one we
have now I've never been a fan of that
and so I went with the flat design like
this and there's a few changes that I
kind of like first of all it feels like
it's got a smaller footprint I think the
overall size of it is smaller
second of all it's definitely way more
sturdy that could be because I chose the
flat square edition size format I'm not
entirely sure there's a lot of different
ways that you can build this you've got
various radiator brackets you can see
here on the front this is actually the
front I've got a radiator which can hold
a 240 or 280 internally inside of it or
you can mount up to a 480 on the outside
now the thing to think about that is
you're gonna have the radiator over
hanging off the edges I'm not
comfortable with that just because I
don't want to getting hit but if you
need the additional radiator space you
could do that now I know for a fact it's
actually smaller in terms of width I
guess because of the fact that this only
fits a 240 or a 280 because the one I
have now the original web bench is
natively holding a 360 internally but
that's okay because that 360 was
definitely overkill when usually the
only thing we're cooling is a CPU anyway
now this piece hanging off the side
right here this is what they're calling
their a i/o bracket so it can hold a 240
well a 120
or at 140 a 240 or a 280 on this bracket
right here so this allows you to mount
an AI Oh get it up closer to the CPU if
you try to mount an AI oh here you
probably wouldn't have enough length to
get the tubing all the way over to the
CPU by mounting this here and it's at an
angle like this you're gonna get nice
cool air flow through there through the
radiator and it's gonna have plenty of
reach to the CPU itself now it only
comes with one of these but you could I
believe get it this as an accessory and
you can mount another one over here you
also get this bracket which can go down
inside you can mount it vertically like
this and then it mounts to the rails on
the bottom or you can mount it
horizontally by using as at this bracket
not this bracket but the it has an
optical mount bracket inside which I
mounted but I won't keep I just did it
for the sake of it in fact I don't think
they're in the right holes but these are
designed to be able to mount either a
Bay Drive because number I did say you
can mount to bay drives or Bay reservoir
in here up to a double bay res which
might be kind of neat I might consider
doing that for inside here but that can
also hold in between right here these
screw mounts can mount inside of that
bracket then holding this 240 you slash
280 red radiator bracket giving you one
two three radiator support options so
you have three radiators natively I
wouldn't do all that unless you were
doing like a CPU and a GPU and massive
overclocks
here's the fan mount obviously that I
said I'm really excited to see but I
have a concern with this I think it's a
step in the right direction primo chill
but my concern here is because we have a
smaller footprint now listen to that it
just sounds industrial right it's like
you just drop the dumbbell inside a 50
gallon steel drum alright this bad boy
right here can fit so many radii just
yeah I'm losing my mind
and Quarantine that's okay if you take a
look at this right here you can see that
I've got the standoffs mounted and I put
the extra screws on there just so I
don't lose them because I've lost plenty
you trust me the ATX Steve did a good
video about how it's sort of a kind of a
bullish standard these days where it's
not conforming to any actual dimensional
standard some motherboards ATX
motherboards specifically are wider
then some EXO summer like it really wide
EI TX and some are just barely bigger
than ATX my concern here is if you go
with one of those motherboards that's a
bit wider and I think my rampage Omega
is one of them it's gonna interfere with
the mount so you've got a mount hole
down here and a mount hole up here for
mounting this fan bracket if you go with
a motherboard that's any wider then a
then a standard ATX or even standard ATX
at this point I think EA TX might even
interfere with this and not to chest
test it when I go to do the bill
fortunately it's a really small hole
that this mounts you can drill another
hole they should have put a hole right
here in the corner maybe they did in for
structural rigidity I don't know but you
can see where the hole is up here they
should have moved it over farther now I
also thought that maybe this front
bracket right here you can flip it over
because it's got these two holes in the
bottom you can flip that over and then
those would be mounting spots but then
if you look at the offset that's not
gonna work because it's gonna put the
radiator lower which will interfere with
the bottom right here it'll put the
radiator right in line with this and
then it can impact and then the practice
will be upside down and we know what
that would do to people's OCD the
standoffs are weird they use this really
long kind of a pass through screw that
you then take this it's plastic it
threads down onto unto there so that is
sandwiched between them that's
sandwiched between the metal so it's got
a little bit sticking up the motherboard
lays on that and then you put these
aluminum caps on there which hold it
down the plastic threading was so tight
on some of these that while tightening
it down the more threads we got it one
of these actually rounded out inside
because these are plastic caps with a
with a steel screw on the inside so one
of these actually rounded out and then I
couldn't tighten it anymore so I feel
like the hardware they decided to go
with for the motherboard standoffs I'll
just just weird I don't know why they
went that route now this is sort of
similar to how it was in the previous
wet bench it still had the nub thats
tucked up and then you lay the
motherboard down and you tighten the
screws down there's a couple reasons why
I'm not a fan of that on the original
wet bench and I'm still not a fan of it
on this one a lot of motherboards now
have these shields on them which make
the whole recessed and so normally you
use a screw that
screws down into a standoff so you drop
the screw there you put a screwdriver in
there you tighten it down and you're
good when you have these that stick up
like this and then the motherboard rests
on those you've got all those pins
sticking up that seems like a really
good idea on paper to mount the
motherboard down and lay it up and all
the holes are lined up you just take
these little caps and screwing down that
makes sense if you don't have any sort
of shield that's covering it the other
thing too these are aluminum so you
couldn't even use a magnet to like get
it down in there and start to turn so
also to on the bottom you see you've got
these rails which means you can take
your hard drives you mount them directly
to the bottom and screw them through so
you can kind of move it all over the
place they give you these plastic screws
that mount into these parts that way
when you slide it you're not scratching
it all up which is kind of nice but it's
just super modular so we've got this
piece right here that you notice I
didn't use this is if you're using the
the 45 degree mount the power supply
then hangs from the bottom of that hangs
from the bottom of this piece actually
so then you need a way to support the
end of the power supply so it doesn't
droop and that's what this guy is right
here but because I went with a flat
mount the power supply is mounted up
inside all up in here it's just resting
in there normally and then they give you
this kind of a rubber piece right here
which the power supply end will rest on
and then you can do all your cabling and
such but yeah I'm actually a huge fan of
this you can tell that it's designed for
water cooling too because on both sides
of the side caps
you've got your typical spacing for
various types of reservoir and pump
mounts so that means you'd be able to
mount your pump and stuff to the side of
it just like we were doing with the
Praxis wet bench the original one we
might do this here again and I'm
thinking I might actually do a
horizontal reservoir to pick up the
fluid I don't know yet I will be doing
another water-cooled test bench because
it's a wet bench I want it to be wet oh
the power and reset button there nice
robust satisfying clicky stuff this is
kind of a nice inclusion to see these
are rubber mounts for your radiator my
current wet bench makes all kinds of
vibrating noise because of the fact that
the feet on the bottom eventually came
off and lost they're sticky so having
direct metal touching our table you can
actually hear the pump and fans vibrate
through the table so having these
Isolators is kind of nice
complaints though I'm not a fan
of these grips you can see this little
finger holes right here this kind of a
groove this is designed for you to be
able to pick it up these are sharp I
complained about it on the first wet
bench they kind of doubled down and me
it made it even sharper oh I would have
loved to see some sort of like a rubber
channel or something that goes on there
just to protect your fingers so anyway
that's it that's our look at the new
practice wet bench this is the SX and
I'll put a link in the description below
of all the pre-order stuff pretty much I
did send this for me to take a look at I
didn't know that it was a pre-order at
the time but pre order of hardware makes
more sense a pre-order of games in my
opinion and by the time you guys see
this I don't know maybe maybe it's
already out but it does come in a bunch
of different colors we got white one and
like I said we've got this black that
I'm really a fan of this texture and so
far it seems to be pretty good at anti
scratch because I've already moved some
things around on here and didn't scratch
it nice thick dirt durable powder
coating so there you go guys that's our
first look at the Praxis the new praxis
wet bench huge thanks for a prima
chilled sending this Fresenius to me to
take a look at and the timing couldn't
be better because you saw me talking
about need to build a new test bench
because my other ones kind of pissing me
off as well take the opportunity to
build it in something cool like this
anyway thanks for watching guys check
the description down below to learn more
information about this chassis and the
other variants available and as always
we'll see you in the next one